fix(number-field): sp-number-field UI fixes for validation and width (#5326)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: .changeset/violet-snails-obey.md

---
'@spectrum-web-components/number-field': patch
'@spectrum-web-components/textfield': patch
---

> The changes included resolve UI issues with number-field by proxy of textfield. The validation icons in number-field no longer overlap the infield buttons. The width of the number-field now now calculates accurately and is modifiable via the `--mod-stepper-width` token as it was before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changes included resolve UI issues with number-field by proxy of textfield. The validation icons in number-field no longer overlap the infield buttons. The width of the number-field now calculates accurately and can be modified via `--mod-stepper-width` token as it was before.
```
